---
layout: post
title: "First blog post"
subtitle: "Hopefully the Dawn after Dark Times"
date: 2022-01-01 00:00:00 -0000
category: introduction
tags: ["introduction", "whoamI"]
---

So much has happened in the past 2 years, to everyone. Everyone has had to bottle too many details over time and so I'll attempt to refrain from making this into a sobbing post. But I will claim that these at least so far, have been the worst 2 years of my life. The constant dread of the pandemic really amplified the darkness and selfishness of humanity that I witnessed not only in public but with my close friends, former family, and even colleagues. So much that it feels like the one thing I could rely on consistently was neglected and abused: Technology

Currently as I write this, I'm unemployed. I quit my job several months ago during a pilot group meeting because I was convinced at the time that if I continued, that job was going to kill me. I was working 60-90 hours a week, had accumulated over 100 hours of PTO and every time I attempted to take it, it felt like returning would be a punishment of attempting to verify and catch up on work. 

I'll eventually be transferring this tutorial site to a more legitimate blog with my profile, but above all, the main thing keeping me sane (to a legally tolerable degree within public safety concerns :grimacing:) is that I know I can rely on technology as a solid foundational ground and even with a passion. Even though it may not be properly understood initially, after some testing, debugging, breaking, modifying, and for fun developing something not entirely necessary but something that you can't help but grin feeling a sense of pride at what you've created: you come to appreciate the philosophy of technology and what it helps us express. It expresses a logical reliable structure otherwise it breaks and does not computer. It allows for dynamic variables and methods for flexibility and adapative habits. It allows for infinitely boundless expression of the human soul, mind, and heart in ways that continue to impress and amaze us. 

So much has happened in the past 2 years, and it's with a slight taste of bitter shame to admit that I came close to not continuing the next 2 years. Another fact that took me surprisingly longer than I thought it would take to admit were my actions and what I was capable of after I experienced a severe hysterical episode earlier this year. Stressful and frankly unnecessary events had increasingly been occuring more and more often since before the beginning of the pandemic and they were becoming more severe and more frequent. I don't celebrate my birthday, I do all I can to ignore it for personal reasons but on my 30th birthday six of these events occurred around that weekend which fractured my sense of reality and completely overwhelmed me. I don't even remember it happening, only that I was sick for a couple days thinking it was food posioning but two weeks after that I found the pill bottle and half of them missing; I had attempted to commit suicide. 

I told very few initially because I wasn't entirely convinced it had happened but the truth sunk in that I had lost that self control and willingness to continue living. For several months I didn't tell my colleagues or even my roommates initially; although one of them had gotten concerned when I didn't come out of my room for 2 days. I reveiwed my messages and correspondence methods and found that I had attempted to contact a couple people but none were available or responding at the time and I never directly cried out for help so they were unaware of the crisis. I think one of the other factors that drove this to happen discreetly was I used to be on a forum for a suicidal-prevention advocacy group and experienced with certain things to look for when counseling and supporting those that suffer from depression. I had apparently unfriended everyone in time on facebook and other social media platforms so that it appeared I would slowly and quietly fade away. 

It may not be entirely appropriate to be sharing this kind of information on github, but I hope this reflects my passion for technology and development and how I'm counting on it to be my main driver for continuing life and appreciating it. We are far from reliant on the concept of technology as any major breakthrough in what we accomplish will in some way almost always involve technology even if it wasn't utilized in it's creation for the topic. It will still be shared via technology, archived with technology, and shamed on social media in some context that will need to be explained to a generation to understand the underlying message. I'm not always an early adopter of new things but I try to embrace the ideologies that I find significant with the potential to accomplish great things and bring success. We're near a new era of the world wide web with blockchain & decentralized finance which will bring to existence things we never could have possibly conceived prior. We are further understanding quantum computers and even now major companies offer access virtually to use them as a service. Now of course, this isn't to say we should formalize the spirituality of technology. I may appreciate it in this context in a way, but it's basis is on cold hard logic and what is determined to be the appropriate output. That and with the church of technology too many of our temples have fallen. The empty Fry's electronics stores lay disgraced with empty aisles and the blasphymous Best Buy's offer limited teachings on building your own PC. :stuck_out_tongue_winking_eye:

The other thing to reflect on with this original post is that I embrace transparency and try to be as transparent as possible with people in general as I value and expect the same to a certain context. I've personaally found that as a result of someone not outright lying or sharing false words but simply withholding information or not being entirely honest by refraining from mentioning certain details it leads to conflict and false assumptions. We as humans were given the ability and capability to analyze and deduce facts with our brains and we are expected to do so when faced with problems we're trying to understand. I don't plan on broadcasting this on social media, but it will probably stay here; a momentous milestone indication of what I've experienced to transition to hopefully being more optimistic as we approach the new year. 

And finally, before I legitimately get to the factual and legitimate technological experience and items that appropriately belong on a github page; there were several individuals after the suicide attempt I dearly cherish and can't adequately express my love and gratitude for being there to help me cope, recouperate, and salvage what human emotions could be saved. One in particular who wasn't there in person, but remotely available I greatly admire and respect as an idol to be more like him in life as his values and experiences closely encompass mine. I won't be naming names, you people know who you are. And if you feel that nostalgia of "Is he talking about me?" then eh, enjoy it a little even though it's not confirmed. Regardless, thank you for those that were there when I needed you the most during the darkest days of my life.

## WHOAMI

Without further ado, I humbly post more legitimate technical skills and expertise to establish my credibility and experience as a technologically driven cub. My name is Bradley Anderson and on several social media sites, forums, and dating apps (hey, I said I try to be transparent. You don't have to look #theInternetIsForPorn #NSFW) as Cyburstud. I enjoy technological development, experiences, and even philosophical concepts on technology, computers, databases, data analytics and telecommunications professionally and in my spare time as a hobby. I have a bachelor's degree in Management Information Systems and to embrace my life's motto of "Never Stop Learning" I hope to find the opportunity to go back and complete another degree in another major but have yet to conclude which focus. Although currently unemployed I have been working on development for a SaaS platform to establish my own company to include in time other services as well as hopefully consulting services with technological education platforms. 

My work experience while not directly in the IT field has encompassed it. My most recent job was in Trade Credit Insurance for 3 years and prior to that 5 years in the Alarm Security Industry with two different companies both with Alarm Monitoring Dispatch & Technical Support/Customer Service. Prior to that I had worked off and on in Fast Food both in the restaurants and as a bookkeeper for franchise clients with a small bookkeeping firm. 

Primarily I am experienced with Windows and Chrome OS; mild experience with Linux. I primarily know javascript with the most recent project I've been working on but my first programming language was java back in high school. I am a self-proclaimed excel expert and even moreso recently a "Power Queer" (play on Power Query in excel) and have been considering creating a Data Analysis educational platform encompassing that theme...what? That's all Data Mining really is. You take the dirty details of all that data, find that introspective truth within that data, and make it relfect that inner beauty with flashy graphs and over-emphasized visual elements. And then you present that shit on stage answer the questions many hadn't even asked prior: What is this and why the fuck does it matter?

I feel like my main technological accomplishment that tends to mark an impression if not initial concern is my workspace which I've included a pic of. I tend to multitask a lot and initially was wanting 12 monitors but I accept that already I have enough encompassing the entire width of the desk. In time I hope to eventaully get bigger monitors. 

I am more than happy to answer questions or offer expertise on technological matters and often can get carried away but it's to further encompass whatever material or topic is referenced. Every workplace I've been to I've been identified and praised for my technical expertise and truly feel it's a contribution to synergy and team building I can bring to simplify workflows and communication. If I don't know the answer or can't help, I'll almost always try to be direct or refer you to someone that may be able to. 

For those that read it all, damn...you've got way too much time on your hands or need to find a more interesting topic to read. Kidding, I appreciate you taking the time and allowing me to share my experiences and the passions that drive me. 
